Vegetable Soup is a healthy and tasty soup recipe made with mixed veg
broth and spices for taste. the recipe is an extension to the popular veg clear soup and has a similar texture, taste and flavour to it. it is an ideal meal starter or appetiser recipe which can also be served also as a complete meal for lunch and dinner.

Soup recipes are very common across india and all the overseas countries. it is typically served as starters before a meal to improve the appetite, but can also be served for other health related reasons. one such simple, easy and popular healthy soup recipe is vegetable soup recipe known for its filling and nutrients.

Vegetable soup recipe has a very similar texture and taste to the popular clear soup recipe. yet there are several differences between these 2 recipes. the main distinctive difference is the texture or the consistency of the soup liquid. basically in this recipe, the vegetables are boiled and corn flour slurry is added for a thick broth. whereas in clear soup, vegetables are boiled and and spiced with pepper and salt to taste. in other words, there isn’t any other extra steps compared to this recipe and thus making it more simple and easy. moreover with mixed vegetable soup, there are particular vegetables which has to be added unlike its later comparison.

Furthermore, some easy and important tips, suggestions and variations to a perfect and rich mixed vegetable soup recipe. firstly, the vegetables used in this recipe, should be finely chopped and should not be in large shape. large vegetables would not be easy to boil and cook for the soup. secondly, try to experiment with the vegetable choices and do not limit with some particular vegetables. i have tried to use some basic veggies for this recipe, but you are more than welcome to explore. lastly, the soup has to be served warm and also tastes better when rested. hence, prepare it well ahead in advance and microwave it just before serving.